## Description

With Azure AD Password Protection, default global banned password lists are automatically applied to all users in an Azure AD tenant. To support business and security needs, custom banned password lists can be defined. When users change or reset their passwords, these banned password lists are checked to enforce the use of strong passwords.

A custom banned password list should include some of the following examples:
- Brand names
- Product names
- Locations, such as company headquarters
- Company-specific internal terms
- Abbreviations that have specific company meaning

Creating a new password can be difficult regardless of one's technical background. It is common to look around one's environment for suggestions when building a password, however, this may include picking words specific to the organization as inspiration for a password. An adversary may employ what is called a 'mangler' to create permutations of these specific words in an attempt to crack passwords or hashes making it easier to reach their goal.

## Remediation

Create a custom banned password list:

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` https://entra.microsoft.com/.
2. Click to expand `Azure Active Directory` > `Protect & Secure` > `Authentication methods`.
3. Select `Password protection`.
4. Set `Enforce custom list` to `Yes`.
5. In `Custom banned password list` create a list using suggestions outlined in this document.
6. Click `Save`.

**NOTE:** Below is a list of examples that can be used as a starting place. Check the references section for more.
- Brand names.
- Product names.
- Locations, such as company headquarters.
- Company-specific internal terms.
- Abbreviations that have specific company meaning.
