## Description

Authentication strength is a Conditional Access control that allows administrators to specify which combination of authentication methods can be used to access a resource. For example, they can make only phishing-resistant authentication methods available to access a sensitive resource. But to access a non-sensitive resource, they can allow less secure multifactor authentication (MFA) combinations, such as password + SMS.

Microsoft has 3 built-in authentication strengths. MFA strength, Passwordless MFA strength, and Phishing-resistant MFA strength. Ensure administrator roles are using a CA policy with `Phishing-resistant MFA strength`.

Administrators can then enroll using one of 3 methods:

- FIDO2 Security Key
- Windows Hello for Business
- Certificate-based authentication (Multi-Factor)

**NOTE:** Additional steps to configure methods such as FIDO2 keys are not covered here but can be found in related MS articles in the references section. The Conditional Access policy only ensures 1 of the 3 methods is used.

Sophisticated attacks targeting MFA are more prevalent as the use of it becomes more widespread. These 3 methods are considered phishing-resistant as they remove passwords from the login workflow. It also ensures that public/private key exchange can only happen between the devices and a registered provider which prevents login to fake or phishing websites.

## Remediation

1. Navigate to the `Microsoft Entra admin center` https://entra.microsoft.com.
2. Click to expand `Azure Active Directory` > `Applications` select `Enterprise Applications`.
3. Under `Security`, select `Conditional Access`.
4. Click `New policy`.
5. Go to `Users` > `Users and groups` > `Include` > `Select users and groups` > `Directory roles`.
6. Add at least the `Directory roles` listed after these steps.
7. Select `Cloud apps or actions` > `All cloud apps` (and don't exclude any apps).
8. `Grant` > `Grant Access` with `Require authentication strength (Preview)`: `Phishing-resistant MFA`.
9. Click 'Select'.
10. Set `Enable policy` to `Report-only` and click `Create`.

At minimum these directory roles should be included for the policy:

- Application administrator
- Authentication administrator
- Billing administrator
- Cloud application administrator
- Conditional Access administrator
- Exchange administrator
- Global administrator
- Global reader
- Helpdesk administrator
- Password administrator
- Privileged authentication administrator
- Privileged role administrator
- Security administrator
- SharePoint administrator
- User administrator
