## Description

Idle session timeout allows the configuration of a setting which will timeout inactive users after a pre-determined amount of time. When a user reaches the set idle timeout session, they'll get a notification that they're about to be signed out. They have to select to stay signed in or they'll be automatically signed out of all Microsoft 365 web apps. Combined with a Conditional Access rule this will only impact unmanaged devices. A managed device is considered a device managed by Intune MDM.

The following Microsoft 365 web apps are supported.

- Outlook Web App
- OneDrive for Business
- SharePoint Online (SPO)
- Office.com and other start pages
- Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) on the web
- Microsoft 365 Admin Center

**NOTE:** Idle session timeout doesn't affect Microsoft 365 desktop and mobile apps. The recommended setting is 1 hour (or less) for unmanaged devices.

Ending idle sessions through an automatic process can help protect sensitive company data, and will add another layer of security for end users who work on unmanaged devices that can potentially be accessed by the public. Unauthorized individuals onsite or remotely can take advantage of systems left unattended over time. Automatic timing out of sessions makes this more difficult.

## Remediation

To configure Idle session timeout:

1. Navigate to `Microsoft 365 admin center` https://admin.microsoft.com.
2. Click to expand `Settings` Select `Org settings`.
3. Click `Security & Privacy` tab.
4. Select `Idle session timeout`.
5. Check the box `Turn on to set the period of inactivity for users to be signed off of Microsoft 365 web apps`.
6. Set a maximum value of `1 hour`.
7. Click save.

Step 2 - Exclude at least one account from conditional access policies:

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` https://entra.microsoft.com/.
2. Expand `Azure Active Directory` > `Protect & secure` > `Conditional Access`.
3. Click `New policy` and give the policy a name.
4. Select `Users` > `All users`.
5. Select `Cloud apps or actions` > `Select apps` and select `Office 365`.
6. Select `Conditions` > `Client apps` > `Yes` check only `Browser` unchecking all other boxes.
7. Select `Sessions` and check `Use app enforced restrictions`.
8. Set `Enable policy` to `On` and click `Create`.

**NOTE:** To ensure that idle timeouts affect only unmanaged devices, both steps must be completed.

**Default Value:** Not configured. (Idle sessions will not timeout.)