## Description

In complex deployments, organizations might have a need to restrict authentication sessions. Conditional Access policies allow for the targeting of specific user accounts. Some scenarios might include:
- Resource access from an unmanaged or shared device
- Access to sensitive information from an external network
- High-privileged users
- Business-critical applications

**Note:** This CA policy can be added to the previous CA policy in this benchmark "Ensure multifactor authentication is enabled for all users in administrative roles"

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` Select `Policies`.
3. Click `New policy`.
   - Under `Users` include `Select users and groups` and check `Directory roles`.
   - At a minimum, include the directory roles listed below in this section of the document.
   - Under `Target resources` include `All resources (formerly 'All cloud apps').`
   - Under `Grant` select `Grant Access` and check `Require multifactor authentication`.
   - Under `Session` select `Sign-in frequency` select `Periodic reauthentication` and set it to 4 hours (or less).
   - Check `Persistent browser session` then select `Never persistent` in the drop-down menu.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report Only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**At minimum these directory roles should be included in the policy:**

- Application administrator
- Authentication administrator
- Billing administrator
- Cloud application administrator
- Conditional Access administrator
- Exchange administrator
- Global administrator
- Global reader
- Helpdesk administrator
- Password administrator
- Privileged authentication administrator
- Privileged role administrator
- Security administrator
- SharePoint administrator
- User administrator

**Note:** Break-glass accounts should be excluded from all Conditional Access policies.

### Default Value

The default configuration for user sign-in frequency is a rolling window of 90 days.