## Description

Authentication methods support a wide variety of scenarios for signing in to Microsoft 365 resources. Some of these methods are inherently more secure than others but require more investment in time to get users enrolled and operational.

SMS and Voice Call rely on telephony carrier communication methods to deliver the authenticating factor.

The email one-time passcode feature is a way to authenticate B2B collaboration users when they can't be authenticated through other means, such as Microsoft Entra ID, Microsoft account (MSA), or social identity providers. When a B2B guest user tries to redeem your invitation or sign in to your shared resources, they can request a temporary passcode, which is sent to their email address. Then they enter this passcode to continue signing in.

The recommended state is to Disable these methods:``
  - SMS
  - Voice Call
  - Email OTP

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Protection` select `Authentication methods.`
3. Select `Policies`.
4. Inspect each method that is out of compliance and remediate:
  - Click on the method to open it.
  - Change the `Enable` toggle to the off position.
  - Click `Save`

**Note:** If the save button remains greyed out after toggling a method off, then first turn it back on and then change the position of the    selection (all users or select groups). Turn the method off again and save. This was observed to be a bug in the UI at the time this document was published.

**To remediate using Powershell:**

1. Connect to Graph using `Connect-MgGraph -Scopes "Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod"`
2. Run the following to disable all three authentication methods:

```bash
  $params = @(
  @{ Id = "Sms"; State = "disabled" },
  @{ Id = "Voice"; State = "disabled" },
  @{ Id = "Email"; State = "disabled" }
  )
  Update-MgPolicyAuthenticationMethodPolicy -AuthenticationMethodConfigurations
  $params
```

### Default Value

- SMS : Disabled
- Voice Call : Disabled
- Email OTP : Enabled