## Description

Microsoft provides supporting settings to enhance the configuration of the Microsoft Authenticator application. These settings provide users with additional information and context when they receive MFA passwordless and push requests, including the geographic location of the request, the requesting application, and a requirement for number matching.

Ensure the following are `Enabled`.

- `Require number matching for push notifications`
- `Show application name in push and passwordless notifications`
- `Show geographic location in push and passwordless notifications`

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` select `Policies`.
3. Create a new policy by selecting `New policy.`
   - Under `Users` include `All users.`
   - Under `Target resources` select `Resources (formerly cloud apps)`, choose `Select resource`s and add `Microsoft Intune Enrollment` to the list.
   - Under `Grant` select `Grant access.`
   - Check either `Require multifactor authentication` or `Require authentication strength.`
   - Under `Session` check `Sign-in frequency` and select `Every time`.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report-only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**Note:** If the Microsoft Intune Enrollment cloud app isn't available then it must be created. To add the app for new tenants, a Microsoft Entra administrator must create a service principal object, with app ID d4ebce55-015a-49b5-a083-c84d1797ae8c, in PowerShell or Microsoft Graph.

**Note:** Break-glass accounts should be excluded from all Conditional Access policies.

### Default Value

Sign-in frequency defaults to 90 days.