## Description

Azure Active Directory Privileged Identity Management can be used to audit roles, allow just in time activation of roles and allow for periodic role attestation. Organizations should remove permanent members from privileged Office 365 roles and instead make them eligible, through a JIT activation workflow.

Organizations want to minimize the number of people who have access to secure information or resources, because that reduces the chance of a malicious actor getting that access, or an authorized user inadvertently impacting a sensitive resource. However, users still need to carry out privileged operations in Azure AD and Office 365. Organizations can give users just-in-time (JIT) privileged access to roles. There is a need for oversight for what those users are doing with their administrator privileges. PIM helps to mitigate the risk of excessive, unnecessary, or misused access rights.

## Remediation

To configure sensitive Azure AD roles for Privileged Identity Management Role activation, use the following steps:

1. Sign-on to your Azure portal as global administrator by going to `https://portal.azure.com`.
2. In the Azure portal, click `Services` and search for and click on `Azure AD Privileged Identity management`.
3. Under `Manage` click on `Azure AD Roles`.
4. Under `Manage` click on `Roles`.
5. Inspect the following sensitive roles. For each of the members that have an
`ASSIGNMENT TYPE` of `Permanent`, click on the ... and choose `Make eligible`:
- `Application Administrator`
- `Authentication Administrator`
- `Billing Administrator`
- `Cloud Application Administrator`
- `Cloud Device Administrator`
- `Compliance Administrator`
- `Customer LockBox Access Approver`
- `Device Administrators`
- `Exchange Administrators`
- `Global Administrators`
- `HelpDesk Administrator`
- `Information Protection Administrator`
- `Intune Service Administrator`
- `Kaizala Administrator`
- `License Administrator`
- `Password Administrator`
- `PowerBI Service Administrator`
- `Privileged Authentication Administrator`
- `Privileged Role Administrator`
- `Security Administrator`
- `SharePoint Service Administrator`
- `Skype for Business Administrator`
- `Teams Service Administrator`
- `User Administrator`
