## Description

More than one global administrator should be designated so a single admin can be monitored and to provide redundancy should a single admin leave an organization. Additionally, there should be no more than four global admins set for any tenant. Ideally global administrators will have no licenses assigned to them.

## Remediation

### From Console

To correct the number of global tenant administrators, use the Microsoft 365 Admin Center:

1. Log in to `https://admin.microsoft.com` as a `Global Administrator`.
2. Select `Users > Active Users`.
3. In the `Search` field enter the name of the user to be made a Global Administrator.
4. To create a new Global Admin:
   1. Select the user's name.
   2. A window will appear to the right.
   3. Select `Manage roles`.
   4. Select `Admin center access`.
   5. Check `Global Administrator`.
   6. Click `Save changes`.
5. To remove Global Admins:
   1. Select User.
   2. Under `Roles` select Manage `roles`
   3. De-Select the appropriate role.
   4. Click `Save changes`.

To correct the number of global tenant administrators, you can also use the Office 365 PowerShell MSOL:

1. Connect to Microsoft 365 using `Connect-MSOLService`
2. Store the variables with the following Powershell

```
$dispName="" $roleName="Company Administrator"
```

3. Run the following PowerShell command to create a new Global Admin:

```
Add-MsolRoleMember -RoleMemberEmailAddress (Get-MsolUser -All | Where
DisplayName -eq $dispName).UserPrincipalName -RoleName $roleName
```

4. Run the following PowerShell command to remove Global Admins:

```
Remove-MsolRoleMember -RoleMemberEmailAddress (Get-MsolUser -All | Where
DisplayName -eq $dispName).UserPrincipalName -RoleName $roleName
```
