## Description

By default, users can consent to applications accessing your organization's data, although only for some permissions. For example, by default a user can consent to allow an app to access their own mailbox or the Teams conversations for a team the user owns, but cannot consent to allow an app unattended access to read and write to all SharePoint sites in your organization. Do not allow users to grant consent to apps accessing company data on their behalf.

Attackers commonly use custom applications to trick users into granting them access to company data.

While allowing users to consent by themselves does allow users to easily acquire useful applications that integrate with Microsoft 365, Azure and other services, it can represent a risk if not used and monitored carefully.

Disable future user consent operations to help reduce your threat-surface and mitigate this risk. If user consent is disabled, previous consent grants will still be honored but all future consent operations must be performed by an administrator.

## Remediation

To prohibit user consent to apps accessing company data on their behalf, use the Microsoft 365 Admin Center:

1. Select `Admin Centers` and `Azure Active Directory`.
2. Select `Enterprise applications` from the Azure navigation pane.
3. Under `Security` select `Consent and permissions`.
4. Under `User consent for applications` select `Do not allow user consent`.
5. Click the `Save` option at the top of the window.

To prohibit user consent to apps accessing company data on their behalf, use the Microsoft Online PowerShell Module:

1. Connect to Microsoft Online service using `Connect-MSOLService`.
2. Run the following Microsoft Online PowerShell command:

```bash
Set-MsolCompanySettings -UsersPermissionToUserConsentToAppEnabled $False
```

**Default Value:** UI - Yes PowerShell - True
