## Description

Microsoft Teams enables collaboration via file sharing. This file sharing is conducted within Teams, using SharePoint Online, by default; however, third-party cloud services are allowed as well.

**NOTE:** Skype for business is deprecated as of July 31, 2021 although these settings may still be valid for a period of time. See the the link in the reference for more information.

Ensuring that only authorized cloud storage providers are accessible from Teams will help to dissuade the use of non-approved storage providers.

## Remediation

To Set external file sharing in Teams, use the Microsoft 365 Admin Center:

1. Under `Admin Centers` choose `Teams`.
2. Expand `Teams` select `Teams settings`.
3. Set each cloud storage service under `Files` to `On` if it is authorized.

**To verify external file sharing in Teams you may also utilize Powershell. Ensure that the Skype for business online, Windows Powershell module and Microsoft Teams module are both installed.**

1. Install the Powershell module for teams. Skype module will need downloaded from Microsoft.

```bash
Install-Module MicrosoftTeams
Import-Module SkypeOnlineConnector
```

2. Connect to your tenant as a Global Administrator, methods will differ based on whether 2FA is enabled. See the following article for more information - [Click here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/enterprise/manage-skype-for-business-online-with-microsoft-365-powershell?view=o365-worldwide).

3. Run the following command to verify which cloud storage providers are enabled for Teams.

```bash
Get-CsTeamsClientConfiguration | select allow*
```

4. Run the following Powershell command to disable external providers that are not authorized(the example disables ShareFile, GoogleDrive, Box, and DropBox).

```bash
Set-CsTeamsClientConfiguration -AllowGoogleDrive $false -AllowShareFile $false -AllowBox $false -AllowDropBox $false -AllowEgnyte $false
```

5. You may verify this worked by running the following Powershell command again.

```bash
Get-CsTeamsClientConfiguration | select allow*
```
**Default Value:** on
