## Description

Access reviews enable administrators to establish an efficient automated process for reviewing group memberships, access to enterprise applications, and role assignments. These reviews can be scheduled to recur regularly, with flexible options for delegating the task of reviewing membership to different members of the organization.

Ensure `Access reviews` for high privileged Entra ID roles are done `monthly` or more frequently. These reviews should include at a minimum the roles listed below

- Global Administrator
- Exchange Administrator
- SharePoint Administrator
- Teams Administrator
- Security Administrator

**Note:** An access review is created for each role selected after completing the process.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Identity Governance` and select `Privileged Identity Management`.
3. Select `Microsoft Entra Roles` under Manage.
4. Select `Access reviews` and click `New access review.`
    - Provide a name and description.
    - Set `Frequency` to `Monthly` or more frequently.
    - Set `Duration (in days)` to at most `4.`
    - Set `End` to `Never`.
    - Set `Users scope` to `All users and groups.`
    - In `Role` select these roles: `Global Administrator,Exchange Administrator,SharePoint Administrator,Teams Administrator,Security Administrator.`
    - Set `Assignment type` to `All active and eligible assignments.`
    - Set `Reviewers` member(s) responsible for this type of review, other than self.
5. Upon completion settings:
    - Set `Auto apply results to resource` to `Enable.`
    - Set `If reviewers don't respond` to `No change.`
6. Advanced settings:
    - Set `Show recommendations `to `Enable.`
    - Set `Require reason on approval` to `Enable.`
    - Set `Mail notifications` to `Enable.`
    - Set `Reminders` to `Enable.`
7. Click `Start` to save the review.

**Warning:** Care should be taken when configuring the `If reviewers don't respond` setting for Global Administrator reviews, if misconfigured break-glass accounts could automatically have roles revoked. Additionally, reviewers should be educated on the purpose of break-glass accounts to prevent accidental manual removal of roles.

### Default Value

By default access reviews are not configured.
