## Description

Authentication methods support a wide variety of scenarios for signing in to Microsoft 365 resources. Some of these methods are inherently more secure than others but require more investment in time to get users enrolled and operational.

SMS and Voice Call rely on telephony carrier communication methods to deliver the authenticating factor.

The recommended state is to Disable these methods:
- SMS
- Voice Call

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Entra ID` > `Authentication methods`.
3. Select `Policies`.
4. Inspect each method that is out of compliance and remediate:
- Click on the method to open it.
- Change the `Enable` toggle to the off position.
- Click `Save`.

**Note:** If the save button remains greyed out after toggling a method off, then first turn it back on and then change the position of the `Target` selection (all users or select groups). Turn the method off again and save. This was observed to be a bug in the UI at the time this document was published.

**To remediate using PowerShell:**

1. Connect to Graph using `Connect-MgGraph -Scopes "Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod"`.
2. Run the following to disable all three authentication methods:

```bash
$params = @(
@{ Id = "Sms"; State = "disabled" },
@{ Id = "Voice"; State = "disabled" }
)
Update-MgPolicyAuthenticationMethodPolicy -AuthenticationMethodConfigurations $params
```

### Default Value

- SMS : Disabled
- Voice Call : Disabled