## Description

Sign-in frequency defines the time period before a user is asked to sign in again when attempting to access a resource. The Microsoft Entra ID default configuration for user sign-in frequency is a rolling window of 90 days.

The recommended state is a `Sign-in frequency` of `Every time` for `Microsoft Intune Enrollment`.

**Note:** Microsoft accounts for a five-minute clock skew when 'every time' is selected in a conditional access policy, ensuring that users are not prompted more frequently than once every five minutes.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click expand `ID Protection` > `Risk-based Conditional Access`.
3. Create a new policy by selecting `New policy.`
   - Under `Users` include `All users.`
   - Under `Target resources` select `Resources (formerly cloud apps)`, choose `Select resources` and add `Microsoft Intune Enrollment` to the list.
   - Under `Grant` select `Grant access.`
   - Check either `Require multifactor authentication` or `Require authentication strength.`
   - Under `Session` check `Sign-in frequency` and select `Every time`.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report-only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**Note:** If the Microsoft Intune Enrollment cloud app isn't available then it must be created. To add the app for new tenants, a Microsoft Entra administrator must create a service principal object, with app ID `d4ebce55-015a-49b5-a083-c84d1797ae8c,` in PowerShell or Microsoft Graph.

**Note:** Break-glass accounts should be excluded from all Conditional Access policies.

### Default Value

Sign-in frequency defaults to 90 days.

