## Description

In complex deployments, organizations might have a need to restrict authentication sessions. Conditional Access policies allow for the targeting of specific user accounts. Some scenarios might include:

- Resource access from an unmanaged or shared device
- Access to sensitive information from an external network
- High-privileged users
- Business-critical applications

Ensure Sign-in frequency periodic reauthentication does not exceed `4 hours` for E3 tenants, or `24 hours` for E5 tenants using Privileged Identity Management.

Ensure `Persistent browser session` is set to `Never persistent`

**Note:** This CA policy can be added to the previous CA policy in this benchmark "Ensure multifactor authentication is enabled for all users in administrative roles".

Forcing a time out for MFA will help ensure that sessions are not kept alive for an indefinite period of time, ensuring that browser sessions are not persistent will help in prevention of drive-by attacks in web browsers, this also prevents creation and saving of session cookies leaving nothing for an attacker to take.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` Select `Policies`.
3. Click `New policy`.
 - Under `Users` include `Select users and groups` and check `Directory roles`.
 - At a minimum, include the directory roles listed below in this section of the document.
 - Under `Target resources` include `All cloud apps` and do not create any exclusions.
 - Under `Grant` select `Grant Access` and check `Require multifactor authentication`.
 - Under `Session` select `Sign-in frequency` select `Periodic reauthentication` and set it to `4` `hours` for E3 tenants. E5 tenants with PIM can be set to a maximum value of `24` `hours`.
 - Check `Persistent browser session` then select `Never persistent` in the drop-down menu.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report Only` until the organization is ready to enable it.

**At minimum these directory roles should be included in the policy:**

- Application administrator
- Authentication administrator
- Billing administrator
- Cloud application administrator
- Conditional Access administrator
- Exchange administrator
- Global administrator
- Global reader
- Helpdesk administrator
- Password administrator
- Privileged authentication administrator
- Privileged role administrator
- Security administrator
- SharePoint administrator
- User administrator

### Default Value

The default configuration for user sign-in frequency is a rolling window of 90 days.
