## Description

When a Conditional Access policy targets the Microsoft Admin Portals cloud app, the policy is enforced for tokens issued to application IDs of the following Microsoft administrative portals:

- Azure portal
- Exchange admin center
- Microsoft 365 admin center
- Microsoft 365 Defender portal
- Microsoft Entra admin center
- Microsoft Intune admin center
- Microsoft Purview compliance portal
- Power Platform admin center
- SharePoint admin center
- Microsoft Teams admin center

`Microsoft Admin Portals` should be restricted to specific pre-determined administrative roles.

Conditional Access (CA) policies are not enforced for other role types, including administrative unit-scoped or custom roles. By restricting access to built-in directory roles, users granted privileged permissions outside of these roles will be blocked from accessing admin centers.

For example, the **Organization Management** admin role in Exchange Online has equivalent permissions to the built-in directory role **Exchange Administrator**. A user assigned only the Organization Management role would not be subject to CA policies targeting the Exchange Administrator role, or any and all Directory Roles. This could also allow a user with high privileges to be excluded from access reviews and other technical or management controls.

Restricting access to `Microsoft Admin Portals` while impactful, covers a gap that is otherwise not bridged by Conditional Access.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to the `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com](https://entra.microsoft.com).
2. Click expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` select `Policies`.
3. Click `New Policy`.
 - Under `Users` include `All Users`.
 - Under `Users` select `Exclude` and check `Directory roles` and select only administrative roles and a group of PIM eligible users.
 - Under `Target resources` select `Cloud apps` and `Select apps` then select the `Microsoft Admin Portals` app.
 - Confirm by clicking `Select`.
 - Under `Grant` select `Block access` and click `Select`.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report Only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**Warning:** Exclude `Global Administrator` at a minimum to avoid being locked out. Report-only is a good option to use when testing any Conditional Access policy for the first time.

**Note:** In order for PIM to function a group of users eligible for PIM roles must be excluded from the policy.

### Default Value

No - Non-administrators can access the Microsoft admin portals.
