## Description

Administrative accounts are special privileged accounts that could have varying levels of access to data, users, and settings. A license can enable an account to gain access to a variety of different applications, depending on the license assigned.

The recommended state is to not license a privileged account or use `Microsoft Entra ID P1` or `Microsoft Entra ID P2` licenses.

Ensuring administrative accounts do not use licenses with applications assigned to them will reduce the attack surface of high privileged identities in the organization's environment. Granting access to a mailbox or other collaborative tools increases the likelihood that privileged users might interact with these applications, raising the risk of exposure to social engineering attacks or malicious content. These activities should be restricted to an unprivileged 'daily driver' account.

**Note:** In order to participate in Microsoft 365 security services such as Identity Protection, PIM and Conditional Access an administrative account will need a license attached to it. Ensure that the license used does not include any applications with potentially vulnerable services by using either **Microsoft Entra ID P1** or **Microsoft Entra ID P2** for the cloud-only account with administrator roles.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft 365 admin center` [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com).
2. Click to expand `Users` select `Active users`.
3. Click `Add a user`.
4. Fill out the appropriate fields for Name, user, etc.
5. When prompted to assign licenses select as needed `Microsoft Entra ID P1` or `Microsoft Entra ID P2`, then click `Next`.
6. Under the `Option settings` screen you may choose from several types of privileged roles. Choose `Admin center access` followed by the appropriate role then click `Next`.
7. Select `Finish adding`.

### Default Value

N/A
