## Description

Enable multifactor authentication for all users in the Microsoft 365 tenant. Users will be prompted to authenticate with a second factor upon logging in to Microsoft 365 services. The second factor is most commonly a text message to a registered mobile phone number where they type in an authorization code, or with a mobile application like Microsoft Authenticator.

Multifactor authentication requires an individual to present a minimum of two separate forms of authentication before access is granted. Multifactor authentication provides additional assurance that the individual attempting to gain access is who they claim to be. With multifactor authentication, an attacker would need to compromise at least two different authentication mechanisms, increasing the difficulty of compromise and thus reducing the risk.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to the `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com](https://entra.microsoft.com).
2. Click expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` select `Policies`.
3. Click `New policy`.
 - Under `Users` include `All users` (and do not exclude any user).
 - Under `Target resources` include `All cloud apps` and do not create any exclusions.
 - Under `Grant` select `Grant Access` and check `Require multifactor authentication`.
 - Click `Select` at the bottom of the pane.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report Only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**Note:** Report-only is an acceptable first stage when introducing any CA policy. The control, however, is not complete until the policy is on.

### Default Value

Disabled
