## Description

The admin consent workflow gives admins a secure way to grant access to applications that require admin approval. When a user tries to access an application but is unable to provide consent, they can send a request for admin approval. The request is sent via email to admins who have been designated as reviewers. A reviewer takes action on the request, and the user is notified of the action.

The admin consent workflow (Preview) gives admins a secure way to grant access to applications that require admin approval. When a user tries to access an application but is unable to provide consent, they can send a request for admin approval. The request is sent via email to admins who have been designated as reviewers. A reviewer acts on the request, and the user is notified of the action.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com/](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
2. Click to expand `Identity` > `Applications` select `Enterprise applications`.
3. Under Security select `Consent and permissions`.
4. Under Manage select `Admin consent settings`.
5. Set `Users can request admin consent to apps they are unable to consent to​` to `Yes` under `Admin consent requests`.
6. Under the `Reviewers` choose the Roles and Groups that will review user generated app consent requests.
7. Set `Selected users will receive email notifications for requests` to `Yes`.
8. Select `Save` at the top of the window.

### Default Value

'- `Users can request admin consent to apps they are unable to consent to`: `No`
- `Selected users to review admin consent requests`: `None`
- `Selected users will receive email notifications for requests`: `Yes`
- `Selected users will receive request expiration reminders`: `Yes`
- `Consent request expires after (days)`: `30`.
