## Description

Multifactor authentication is a process that requires an additional form of identification during the sign-in process, such as a code from a mobile device or a fingerprint scan, to enhance security.

Ensure users in administrator roles have MFA capabilities enabled.

Multifactor authentication requires an individual to present a minimum of two separate forms of authentication before access is granted. Multifactor authentication provides additional assurance that the individual attempting to gain access is who they claim to be. With multifactor authentication, an attacker would need to compromise at least two different authentication mechanisms, increasing the difficulty of compromise and thus reducing the risk.

## Remediation

**To remediate using the UI:**

1. Navigate to the `Microsoft Entra admin center` [https://entra.microsoft.com](https://entra.microsoft.com).
2. Click expand `Protection` > `Conditional Access` select `Policies`.
3. Click `New policy`.
 - Under `Users` include `Select users and groups` and check `Directory roles`.
 - At a minimum, include the directory roles listed below in this section of the document.
 - Under `Target resources` include `All cloud apps` and do not create any exclusions.
 - Under `Grant` select `Grant Access` and check `Require multifactor authentication`.
 - Click `Select` at the bottom of the pane.
4. Under `Enable policy` set it to `Report Only` until the organization is ready to enable it.
5. Click `Create`.

**At minimum these directory roles should be included for MFA:**

- Application administrator
- Authentication administrator
- Billing administrator
- Cloud application administrator
- Conditional Access administrator
- Exchange administrator
- Global administrator
- Global reader
- Helpdesk administrator
- Password administrator
- Privileged authentication administrator
- Privileged role administrator
- Security administrator
- SharePoint administrator
- User administrator

**Note:** Report-only is an acceptable first stage when introducing any CA policy. The control, however, is not complete until the policy is on.
