## Description

Use Conditional Access to block legacy authentication protocols in Office 365.

Legacy authentication protocols do not support multi-factor authentication. These protocols are often used by attackers because of this deficiency. Blocking legacy authentication makes it harder for attackers to gain access.

## Remediation

To setup a conditional access policy to block legacy authentication, use the following steps:

1. Log in to `https://admin.microsoft.com` as a `Global Administrator`.
2. Go to `Admin centers` and click on `Azure Active Directory`.
3. Select `Azure Active Directory` then `Security`.
4. Select `Conditional Access`.
5. Create a new policy by selecting `New policy`.
6. Set the following conditions within the policy.
   - Select `Conditions` then `Client apps` enable the settings for and `Exchange ActiveSync clients` and `other clients`.
   - Under `Access controls` set the `Grant` section to `Block access`.
   - Under `Assignments` enable `All users`.
   - Under `Assignments` and `Users and groups` set the `Exclude` to be at least one low risk account or directory role. This is required as a best practice.

**Default Value:** Legacy authentication is enabled by default.

**Note:** For more granularity the following Audit/Remediation procedure could be utilized.

To verify basic authentication is disabled, use the Exchange Online PowerShell Module:

1. Run the Microsoft Exchange Online PowerShell Module.
2. Connect using `Connect-ExchangeOnline`.
3. Run the following PowerShell command:

```bash
Get-OrganizationConfig | Select-Object -ExpandProperty DefaultAuthenticationPolicy | ForEach { Get-AuthenticationPolicy $_ | Select- Object AllowBasicAuth* }
```

4. Verify each of the basic authentication types is set to `false`. If no results are shown or an error is displayed, then no default authentication policy has been defined for your organization.

5. Verify Exchange Online users are configured to use the appropriate authentication policy (in this case Block Basic Auth) by running the following PowerShell command:

```bash
Get-User -ResultSize Unlimited | Select-Object UserPrincipalName, AuthenticationPolicy
```
