## Description

Without an admin consent workflow (Preview), a user in a tenant where user consent is disabled will be blocked when they try to access any app that requires permissions to access organizational data. The user sees a generic error message that says they're unauthorized to access the app and they should ask their admin for help.

The admin consent workflow (Preview) gives admins a secure way to grant access to applications that require admin approval. When a user tries to access an application but is unable to provide consent, they can send a request for admin approval. The request is sent via email to admins who have been designated as reviewers. A reviewer acts on the request, and the user is notified of the action.

## Remediation

**To enable the admin consent workflow (Preview), use the Microsoft 365 Admin Center:**

1. Select `Admin Centers` and `Azure Active Directory`.
2. Select `Enterprise applications` from the Azure Navigation pane.
3. Under `Manage` select `Users settings`.
4. Set `Users can request admin consent to apps they are unable to consent to` to `Yes` under `Admin consent requests`.
5. Under the `Reviewers` choose the Roles, Groups that you would like to review user generated app consent requests.
6. Select `Save` at the top of the window.

**Default Value:**

  - Users can request admin consent to apps they are unable to consent to: No.
  - Selected users to review admin consent requests: None.
  - Selected users will receive email notifications for requests: Yes.
  - Selected users will receive request expiration reminders: Yes.
  - Consent request expires after (days): 30